docs: Specify that site user data ISO is not bootable (#7175)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/site-deployment/site-installation/site-user-data.md

## Create ISO

1.  Create a file called `user-data` that contains the additional configurations you want to override or inject. Ensure

>     that the file starts with a line that only contains `#cloud-config`. Only include configurations you'd like to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that the file starts with a line that only contains `#cloud-config`. Only include configurations you would like to add
```

      </Tabs>

    This generates an ISO file called `site-user-data.iso` in the current directory.

4.  Flash your bootable device such as a USB drive with the ISO file you just created.

    You can use several software tools to create a bootable USB drive, such as
    [balenaEtcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher). For a PXE server, there are open source projects such as
    [Fog](https://fogproject.org/download.php) or
    [Windows Deployment Services](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/wds-boot-support) for Windows.

    :::info

    The site user data ISO file is not bootable. It contains only configuration data, which the system reads after

>     booting from the internal disk. If you use a tool like balenaEtcher to write the ISO file to a USB stick, it may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    booting from the internal disk. If you use a tool like [balenaEtcher](https://etcher.balena.io/) to write the ISO file to a USB stick, it may
```
